+++
date = 2022-08-25T17:00:00Z
description = "The Archer"
summary = "Here's the lowdown on how to subscribe to Allure's print edition for more beauty routines, recommendations, and features. Once you've checked that out, read this month's horoscope."
title = "Sagittarius"

+++
The final fire sign of the zodiac, Sagittarius traits are unlike any other sign of the zodiac; they're totally unique to this brazen spirit. As a professional astrologer with almost 10 years of experience, I can honestly say that there is no zodiac sign like Sagittarius. What makes Sagittarius so unique is its dynamic blend of passion, curiosity, intensity, and adaptability. Represented by the archer (a half-man, half-horse centaur), Sagittarius isn't afraid to use its bow and arrow to explore expansive terrain, seeking answers in places and spaces others wouldn’t dare venture. Whether they're white water rafting down a river in some undisclosed location or taking a pilgrimage to a sacred site to uncover secrets about an ancient civilization, Sagittarius’ quest for knowledge knows no bounds.

Sagittarius is a mutable sign, meaning it is associated with adaptability and flexibility. This perfectly reflects the archers' deep-rooted desire for change. Sagittarians are born to explore and it is critical that these archers have the freedom to roam. (Sagittarius rules the thighs, so these archers are always on the move.) Fueled by wanderlust, these archers can be found traversing all corners of the world on thrill-seeking expeditions, chasing after geographical, intellectual, and spiritual adventures. Sagittarians are on a perpetual quest for knowledge, which makes them incredible storytellers, entertainers, and creatives. It's not all fun and games, however: Sagittarius is notorious for its signature bluntness, and their "brutal honesty" can often lead to misunderstandings, communication breakdowns, and lots of hurt feelings. But the good news? Sagittarius doesn't take anything too seriously, so it's hard to stay mad at these wild optimists. 

Sagittarius' ruling planet is Jupiter, the planet of abundance. You know the expression "go big or go home?" Yeah, that’s basically Jupiter's motto. Jupiter is all about excess — it expands anything it touches. So, naturally, this sign demands to have it all. The word  "enough" doesn't exist within this sign's vocabulary. When Sagittarius is intrigued by something — whether it's a Wikipedia blackhole or a newfound internet crush — they go all in. That is, until something else catches their eye. As a mutable sign, Sagittarius don't stay on any single fascination for too long; these archers have so many passions and interests, they’re constantly bouncing from one idea to the next! What's more, since 2020, the solar and lunar eclipses have been activating the Gemini-Sagittarius axis, so there's been tons of movement and transformation for this fiery sign. Be sure to check this month's Sagittarius horoscope for insight on Sagittarius' latest journey.